README.md, before:

# Portfolio Website

Welcome to my portfolio website! 🎉 This project showcases my skills and projects in web development with a modern and dynamic user experience. The site is responsive and features interactive elements to enhance user engagement.

## 🛠 Features
- **Dynamic Activity Timeline**: Powered by the GitHub API, the Activity Timeline highlights the most recent commits from my repositories, updating in real-time to reflect my latest work.
- **Dark Mode Toggle**: Seamless light/dark mode switching, with shades of white and grey for light mode and darker tones for dark mode. User preferences are saved for a consistent experience.
- **Interactive Popups**: Custom SweetAlert2 alerts for a polished and professional touch to user interactions.
- **Live Contact Form**: Functional contact form via Formspree, with plans for migration to Google Sheets for improved data handling.
- **Minimalist UI Design**: A sleek and modern design using subtle shades of grey and white, emphasizing simplicity and functionality.
- **FontAwesome Integration**: Skill icons and contact details are enhanced with FontAwesome for a professional and visually engaging experience.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (for local development)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Node Package Manager)

### Running Locally

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/markuptitan/markuptitan.github.io
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd markuptitan.github.io
   ```

3. **Start the local development server:**

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. **Open your browser and visit:**

   ```bash
   (http://localhost:3000)
   ```

## 🌐 Live Version

For a live version of the website, visit [https://markuptitan.site](https://www.markuptitan.site).

## 📋 Future Plans

- **Google Sheets Integration:** Moving the contact form submission to Google Sheets for better automation and data handling.
- **Additional Portfolio Projects**: Continuously expanding the projects section to include real-world applications and complex solutions.

## 📧 Contact

Feel free to reach out via the [contact section](https://www.markuptitan.site#contact) on my website.

Let me know if there's anything else you'd like to tweak or expand upon!

Commit message:

Add JSON projects feature to Features section

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Website

Welcome to my portfolio website! 🎉 This project showcases my skills and projects in web development with a modern and dynamic user experience. The site is responsive and features interactive elements to enhance user engagement.

## 🛠 Features
- **Dynamic Activity Timeline**: Powered by the GitHub API, the Activity Timeline highlights the most recent commits from my repositories, updating in real-time to reflect my latest work.
- **Dark Mode Toggle**: Seamless light/dark mode switching, with shades of white and grey for light mode and darker tones for dark mode. User preferences are saved for a consistent experience.
- **Dynamic Project Management**: Projects are stored and displayed dynamically using JSON. This improves project management and will later include filtering options to organize and showcase projects more efficiently.
- **Interactive Popups**: Custom SweetAlert2 alerts for a polished and professional touch to user interactions.
- **Live Contact Form**: Functional contact form via Formspree, with plans for migration to Google Sheets for improved data handling.
- **Minimalist UI Design**: A sleek and modern design using subtle shades of grey and white, emphasizing simplicity and functionality.
- **FontAwesome Integration**: Skill icons and contact details are enhanced with FontAwesome for a professional and visually engaging experience.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (for local development)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Node Package Manager)

### Running Locally

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/markuptitan/markuptitan.github.io
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd markuptitan.github.io
   ```

3. **Start the local development server:**

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. **Open your browser and visit:**

   ```bash
   (http://localhost:3000)
   ```

## 🌐 Live Version

For a live version of the website, visit [https://markuptitan.site](https://www.markuptitan.site).

## 📋 Future Plans

- **Google Sheets Integration:** Moving the contact form submission to Google Sheets for better automation and data handling.
- **Additional Portfolio Projects**: Continuously expanding the projects section to include real-world applications and complex solutions.

## 📧 Contact

Feel free to reach out via the [contact section](https://www.markuptitan.site#contact) on my website.

Let me know if there's anything else you'd like to tweak or expand upon!
